getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Mesh
getfield -1 Remove
pushvalue -2
pcall 1 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AccessoryWeld
getfield -1 Remove
pushvalue -2
pcall 1 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring Attachment
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Position
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring Attachment
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Position
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring AlignPosition
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -8 Attachment0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -7 Attachment1
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushboolean false
setfield -2 RigidityEnabled
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushboolean false
setfield -2 ReactionForceEnabled
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushboolean true
setfield -2 ApplyAtCenterOfMass
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxForce
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxVelocity
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushnumber 200
setfield -2 Responsiveness
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring AlignOrientation
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -8 Attachment0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -7 Attachment1
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushboolean false
setfield -2 ReactionTorqueEnabled
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushboolean false
setfield -2 PrimaryAxisOnly
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxTorque
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxAngularVelocity
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushnumber 200
setfield -2 Responsiveness
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
pushstring Attachment1
setfield -2 Name
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Pal Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Rotation
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment1
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 0
pushnumber -1
pushnumber -1
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Position
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Mesh
getfield -1 Remove
pushvalue -2
pcall 1 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AccessoryWeld
getfield -1 Remove
pushvalue -2
pcall 1 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring Attachment
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Position
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring Attachment
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Position
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring AlignPosition
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -8 Attachment0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -7 Attachment1
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushboolean false
setfield -2 RigidityEnabled
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushboolean false
setfield -2 ReactionForceEnabled
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushboolean true
setfield -2 ApplyAtCenterOfMass
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxForce
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxVelocity
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushnumber 200
setfield -2 Responsiveness
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring AlignOrientation
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -8 Attachment0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -7 Attachment1
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushboolean false
setfield -2 ReactionTorqueEnabled
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushboolean false
setfield -2 PrimaryAxisOnly
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxTorque
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxAngularVelocity
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushnumber 200
setfield -2 Responsiveness
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
pushstring Attachment2
setfield -2 Name
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Kate Hair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Rotation
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment2
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 0
pushnumber -1
pushnumber -3
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Position
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Mesh
getfield -1 Remove
pushvalue -2
pcall 1 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AccessoryWeld
getfield -1 Remove
pushvalue -2
pcall 1 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring Attachment
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Position
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring Attachment
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Position
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring AlignPosition
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -8 Attachment0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -7 Attachment1
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushboolean false
setfield -2 RigidityEnabled
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushboolean false
setfield -2 ReactionForceEnabled
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushboolean true
setfield -2 ApplyAtCenterOfMass
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxForce
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxVelocity
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushnumber 200
setfield -2 Responsiveness
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring AlignOrientation
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -8 Attachment0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -7 Attachment1
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushboolean false
setfield -2 ReactionTorqueEnabled
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushboolean false
setfield -2 PrimaryAxisOnly
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxTorque
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxAngularVelocity
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushnumber 200
setfield -2 Responsiveness
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
pushstring Attachment3
setfield -2 Name
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Necklace
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Rotation
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment3
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 0
pushnumber -1
pushnumber -5
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Position
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Mesh
getfield -1 Remove
pushvalue -2
pcall 1 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AccessoryWeld
getfield -1 Remove
pushvalue -2
pcall 1 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring Attachment
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Position
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring Attachment
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Position
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring AlignPosition
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -8 Attachment0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -7 Attachment1
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushboolean false
setfield -2 RigidityEnabled
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushboolean false
setfield -2 ReactionForceEnabled
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushboolean true
setfield -2 ApplyAtCenterOfMass
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxForce
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxVelocity
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushnumber 200
setfield -2 Responsiveness
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring AlignOrientation
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -8 Attachment0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -7 Attachment1
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushboolean false
setfield -2 ReactionTorqueEnabled
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushboolean false
setfield -2 PrimaryAxisOnly
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxTorque
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxAngularVelocity
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushnumber 200
setfield -2 Responsiveness
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
pushstring Attachment4
setfield -2 Name
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Robloxclassicred
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 0
pushnumber -90
pushnumber 0
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Rotation
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment4
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 0
pushnumber -2
pushnumber -1
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Position
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Right Arm
getfield -1 Destroy
pushvalue -2
pcall 1 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Left Arm
getfield -1 Destroy
pushvalue -2
pcall 1 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Mesh
getfield -1 Remove
pushvalue -2
pcall 1 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AccessoryWeld
getfield -1 Remove
pushvalue -2
pcall 1 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring Attachment
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Position
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring Attachment
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Position
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring AlignPosition
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -8 Attachment0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -7 Attachment1
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushboolean false
setfield -2 RigidityEnabled
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushboolean false
setfield -2 ReactionForceEnabled
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushboolean true
setfield -2 ApplyAtCenterOfMass
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxForce
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxVelocity
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushnumber 200
setfield -2 Responsiveness
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring AlignOrientation
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -8 Attachment0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -7 Attachment1
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushboolean false
setfield -2 ReactionTorqueEnabled
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushboolean false
setfield -2 PrimaryAxisOnly
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxTorque
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxAngularVelocity
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushnumber 200
setfield -2 Responsiveness
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
pushstring Attachment69
setfield -2 Name
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 LavanderHair
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber -40
pushnumber -180
pushnumber -30
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Rotation
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment69
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber -1
pushnumber 0
pushnumber -1
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Position
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Mesh
getfield -1 Remove
pushvalue -2
pcall 1 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AccessoryWeld
getfield -1 Remove
pushvalue -2
pcall 1 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring Attachment
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Position
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring Attachment
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pushnumber 0
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Position
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring AlignPosition
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -8 Attachment0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -7 Attachment1
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushboolean false
setfield -2 RigidityEnabled
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushboolean false
setfield -2 ReactionForceEnabled
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushboolean true
setfield -2 ApplyAtCenterOfMass
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxForce
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxVelocity
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignPosition
pushnumber 200
setfield -2 Responsiveness
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getglobal Instance
getfield -1 new
pushstring AlignOrientation
pushvalue -4
pcall 2 0 0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -8 Attachment0
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
setfield -7 Attachment1
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushboolean false
setfield -2 ReactionTorqueEnabled
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushboolean false
setfield -2 PrimaryAxisOnly
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxTorque
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushnumber 999e300
setfield -2 MaxAngularVelocity
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 AlignOrientation
pushnumber 200
setfield -2 Responsiveness
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment
pushstring Attachment96
setfield -2 Name
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Hat1
getfield -1 Handle
getfield -1 Attachment
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber -40
pushnumber -180
pushnumber 30
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Rotation
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 Players
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 HumanoidRootPart
getfield -1 Attachment96
getglobal Vector3
getfield -1 new
pushnumber 1
pushnumber 0
pushnumber -1
pcall 3 1 0
setfield -3 Position
emptystack
getglobal game
getfield -1 GetService
pushvalue -2
pushstring Players
pcall 2 1 0
getfield -1 LocalPlayer
getfield -1 Character
getfield -1 Head
getglobal game
getfield -1 Chat
getfield -1 Chat
pushvalue -2
pushvalue -5
pushstring Script create by:!            15yWhalixz 2H#6666
pushstring White
pcall 4 0 0
emptystack
